.TH git-annex-copy 1
.SH NAME
git\-annex copy \- copy content of files to/from another repository
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex copy \fB[path ...] [\-\-from=remote|\-\-to=remote]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Copies the content of files from or to another remote.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-from=remote\fP"
.IP
Use this option to copy the content of files from the specified
remote to the local repository.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-to=remote\fP"
Use this option to copy the content of files from the local repository
to the specified remote.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-auto\fP"
Rather than copying all files, only copy files that don't yet have
the desired number of copies, or that are preferred content of the
destination repository. See git\-annex\-preferred\-content(1)
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
Avoid contacting the remote to check if it has every file when copying
\-\-to it.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-force\fP"
Force checking the remote for every file when copying \-\-from it.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-all\fP"
Rather than specifying a filename or path to copy, this option can be
used to copy all available versions of all files.
.IP
This is the default behavior when running git\-annex in a bare repository.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-unused\fP"
Operate on files found by last run of git\-annex unused.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-key=keyname\fP"
Use this option to move a specified key.
.IP
.IP "file matching options"
The git\-annex\-matching\-options(1)
can be used to specify files to copy.
.IP
.SH SEE ALSO
git\-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

