.TH git-annex-addurl 1
.SH NAME
git\-annex addurl \- add urls to annex
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex addurl \fB[url ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Downloads each url to its own file, which is added to the annex.
.PP
When \fBquvi\fP is installed, urls are automatically tested to see if they
point to a video hosting site, and the video is downloaded instead.
.PP
Urls to torrent files (including magnet links) will cause the content of
the torrent to be downloaded, using \fBaria2c\fP.
.PP
Normally the filename is based on the full url, so will look like
"www.example.com_dir_subdir_bigfile". In some cases, addurl is able to
come up with a better filename based on other information. Options can also
be used to get better filenames.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
.IP
Avoid immediately downloading the url.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-relaxed\fP"
Avoid storing the size of the url's content, and accept whatever
content is there at a future point. (Implies \fB\-\-fast\fP.)
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-raw\fP"
Prevent special handling of urls by quvi, bittorrent, and other
special remotes. This will for example, make addurl
download the .torrent file and not the contents it points to.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-file=name\fP"
Use with a filename that does not yet exist to add a new file
with the specified name and the content downloaded from the url.
.IP
If the file already exists, addurl will record that it can be downloaded
from the specified url(s).
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-pathdepth=N\fP"
This causes a shorter filename to be used. For example,
\fB\-\-pathdepth=1\fP will use "dir/subdir/bigfile",
while \fB\-\-pathdepth=3\fP will use "bigfile". 
.IP
It can also be negative; \fB\-\-pathdepth=\-2\fP will use the last
two parts of the url.
.IP
.SH SEE ALSO
git\-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

