.TH git-annex-sync 1
.SH NAME
git\-annex sync \- synchronize local repository with remotes
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex sync \fB[remote ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Use this command when you want to synchronize the local repository with
one or more of its remotes. You can specify the remotes (or remote
groups) to sync with by name; the default if none are specified is to
sync with all remotes.
.PP
The sync process involves first committing any local changes to files
that have previously been added to the repository,
then fetching and merging the \fBsynced/master\fP and the \fBgit\-annex\fP branch
from the remote repositories, and finally pushing the changes back to
those branches on the remote repositories. You can use standard git
commands to do each of those steps by hand, or if you don't want to
worry about the details, you can use sync.
.PP
Merge conflicts are automatically handled by sync. When two conflicting
versions of a file have been committed, both will be added to the tree,
under different filenames. For example, file "foo" would be replaced
with "foo.somekey" and "foo.otherkey".
.PP
Note that syncing with a remote will not update the remote's working
tree with changes made to the local repository. However, those changes
are pushed to the remote, so they can be merged into its working tree
by running "git annex sync" on the remote.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-fast\fP"
.IP
Only sync with the remotes with the lowest annex\-cost value configured.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-content\fP"
Normally, syncing does not transfer the contents of annexed files.
This option causes the file contents to also be uploaded and downloaded
as necessary.  
.IP
By default, this tries to get each annexed file that the local repository 
does not yet have, and then copies each file to every remote that it is
syncing with. This behavior can be overridden by configuring the preferred
content of a repository. See [git\-annex\-preferred\-content](1)
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-message=msg\fP"
Use this option to specify a commit message.
.IP
.SH SEE ALSO
git\-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

