.TH git-annex-import 1
.SH NAME
git\-annex import \- move and add files from outside git working copy
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
git annex import \fB[path ...]\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Moves files from somewhere outside the git working copy, and adds them to
the annex. Individual files to import can be specified.
If a directory is specified, the entire directory is imported.
.PP
 git annex import /media/camera/DCIM/*
.PP
When importing files, there's a possibility of importing a duplicate
of a file that is already known to git\-annex \-\- its content is either
present in the local repository already, or git\-annex knows of anther
repository that contains it.
.PP
By default, importing a duplicate of a known file will result in
a new filename being added to the repository, so the duplicate file
is present in the repository twice. (With all checksumming backends,
including the default SHA256E, only one copy of the data will be stored.)
.PP
Several options can be used to adjust handling of duplicate files.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-duplicate\fP"
.IP
Do not delete files from the import location.
.IP
This could allow importing the same files repeatedly
to different locations in a repository. More likely, it could be used to
import the same files to a number of different branches or separate git
repositories.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-deduplicate\fP"
Only import files that are not duplicates;
duplicate files will be deleted from the import location.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-skip\-duplicates\fP"
Only import files that are not duplicates; and avoid deleting
duplicate files from the import location.
.IP
.IP "\fB\-\-clean\-duplicates\fP"
Does not import any files, but any files found in the import location
that are duplicates are deleted.
.IP
.IP "file matching options"
Many of the git\-annex\-matching\-options(1)
can be used to specify files to import.
.IP
 	git annex import /dir \-\-include='*.png'
.IP
.SH CAVEATS
Note that using \fB\-\-deduplicate\fP or \fB\-\-clean\-duplicates\fP with the WORM
backend does not look at file content, but filename and mtime.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
git\-annex(1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Joey Hess <id@joeyh.name>
.PP
.PP

